Add markdown link checker (#605)
Akuli/jou: README.md

and not turn it into yet another big language that doesn't feel like C,
such as C++, Zig, Rust, and many others.
For example, the recommended way to print things will be C's `printf()` function,

> as explained in [the Jou tutorial](./doc/tutorial.md#c-s-standard-library-libc).

Author: ```suggestion
as explained in [the Jou tutorial](./doc/tutorial.md#cs-standard-library-libc).
```

This also means that I reject many feature requests.

Jou is not intended to be memory safe, because it would make Jou more difficult to use.
See [Jou's UB documentation](./doc/ub.md) for more discussion,

> including [thoughts on Rust](./doc/ub.md#rust-s-approach-to-ub).

Reviewer: The original `rusts` link is correct. If you open https://github.com/Akuli/jou/blob/main/doc/ub.md#rusts-approach-to-ub it takes you to the right place.

In the script, try changing `title.lower()` to `title.lower().replace("'", "")`.
